Sahaja Yoga
It's founder is now in Turkey and speaking only with us.
Who is she? Shri Mataji.
Listen to what she is saying.
All those watching me, if they have a desire,
should open their hands like this.
Put your right hand on your heart and say inside,
"Mother, I am not this mind, this body, these feelings,
these conditionings".
I am the pure spirit.
We are carrying a feeling  of guilt inside.
But it is harmful to this center here.
Now stretch your right hand towards Me like this.
and put your left hand above your  head.
And see carefully if you feel a cool or a hot breeze
You can close your eyes if you like.
Now stretch your left hand towards Me.
and check with your right hand above your head.
Do you feel a cool or a hot breeze?
You can move your hand slowly up or down.
Now raise your both hands.
And ask one of these questions from your heart.
Mother, is what I have felt the cool breeze of the Holy Ghost?
Or Mother, is this the Spirit?
Or Mother, is this the all pervading power of Divine Love?
Now look at Me but don't think.
And you will feel a cool or a hot breeze on your hands.
also  you can feel it above your fontanel bone area.
This is the moment when your spirit starts to grow.
How Long you will stay  in Turkey
I'm going on Monday
Did you like Turkey.
Of course
very much.
In very short time we are waiting you again in Turkey
Ohh, I think, next time I will came for a long time.
That those were felt the  cool breeze should write the letter
for should inform them it will be a good idea
But it is spring time now, there is no one
who does not fee a breeze above one's head.
In generally, people in the world are not happy
with their life and with themselves.
Everything they want happens
they earn money
but however still somehow people do not become happy
they do not fee happy inside.
As it was said in the Koran, Mirage has to take place.
The ascend has to be
and a transformation has  to give
Prophet Mohammed has said,
you will feel your spirit on your fingertips.
and you will know yourself
you will face yourself.
This reality you should know.
Christ never went to any  university
Some people , for example Christ never went to any univertsity.
Mohammed did not to even know how to read and write.
When you are standing in the water
you may be afraid of the waves.
But you are standing in a boat
you will watch the waves and enjoy them.
But if you can swim, you are not afraid of the water.
you can jump into the water and save people there.
As Shri Mataji loves people, she also likes flowers.
Is there any special flower She identifies Herself with?
My name  is also daisy
margarita
thank you very much, thank you.
Beautiful.
It is the eye of  Shri Fatima
I know, I know.